<MAIN DIR>

rawfeat.log: This is a log file generated while producing the raw feature
data. The one piece of potentially useful information in this file is the
lower/upper wall values. More on this below.

1jp5/, 2o9v/,...: These directories contain the 20 raw feature data files for
the corresponding PDB IDs.

<SUB DIRS>

feat_cv01.dat, feat_cv02.dat,...: These files contain the features that
were collected as a function of the collecive variable (CV). Think of
these as histograms. The number corresponds to the simulation number (in
this case 1-10). The columns are:
    r_bin:  The lower edge of the r bin. So, the value of 0.175 means that
            the bin is from 0.175 nm to 0.225 nm.
    count:  Number of simulation snapshots in this bin.
    force:  A mean force estimate for the system in this bin. Think of this
            as the overall force on the peptide. If binding is more favorable,
            such as for all our systems, you would expect forces that push the
            peptide into the binding pocket. NOTE: Going back to the upper
            and lower wall values in the log file, you may want to consider
            ignoring data outside of these values. For example, 4gne has a
            lower wall of 0.5 nm and upper wall of 2.5 nm. This means that
            values of r outside of this range had an additional force added
            to them to push the system back into the range 0.5-2.5 nm. This
            will lead to unusual values of the force (and PMF) for values
            outside this range.
    pmf:    The potential of mean force (PMF) for the system in this bin. This
            can be thought of as the a pseudo energy needed to generate the
            force in the previous column. Again, you may want to consider
            ignoring values outside of the range provided by lower/upper wall.

feat_time01.dat, feat_time02,dat,...: These files contain features that were
collected as a function of simulation time. Note that each of these files
could contain very different numbers of rows depending on how long the
simulation lasted before reaching the criterion I set. The columns are:
    step:       The step count of the simulation. So, 500 means that this is
                500 molecular dynamic steps into the simulation.
    r:          The value of the collective variable.
    E_metad_r:  The metadynamics energy. This is the energy corresponding to
                the biasing force that is pushing the peptide out of the
                binding pocket.
    n_cont_CA:  Number of C-alpha contacts between the peptide and the
                receptor. A contact is defined as anytime a C-alpha from
                the peptide is within 0.5 nm of a receptor C-alpha.
    n_cont_heavy:   Same as last column except all heavy atoms.
    n_saltbr:   Number of salt bridges between the peptide and receptor.
    n_hbond:    Number of hydrogen bonds between the peptide and receptor.
    SASA:       Solvent accessible surface area of the peptide. Note that I
                do not know how useful this will be because the simulations
                are short and biased, hence, there is little time for the
                peptide structure to change.
    RMSD:       Atomistic root-mean square deviation of the peptide structure
                relative to the first frame.
    Rg:         Radius of gyration in nm for the peptide structure.

